Good idea.
Catch it, catch it
Master, do you really want to compete with him?
This Xu Tao?
You've been crushing my leg lately
I was never born this useless.
Brother, do you really want to compete with him?
Planning you is not believing me
I've been studying antiques since I was a teenager
I've seen more antiques than he's ever eaten
Can't say
I said big brother
This one is only sold for 3,000.
Isn't it purely a trick for you to buy this?
come
Bring me all the treasures of your town store
Even if I spend all my money
I also want to win the wind and light
That's it, boss.
Brother, why haven't they come yet?
I'm exhausted. Here we go.
Zhou Zixuan, you are finally here
I thought you were sure you didn't dare to come.
Because everyone picks like you
I picked you carefully